# E-MailAutomation-2
Create a workflow that:  Reads the 6th page of "Session 11 - exercise 2 - UiPathOrchestratorAzureInstallationGuide2016.1" (in the attachment) Reads the 2nd page of "Session 11 - exercise 2 - ScannedDoc" (in the attachment) Sends an email with both documents attached and with the text from point 1 and text from point 2 as Body. Practice 2 - Walkthrough  The first PDF document we are trying to extract text from is a native pdf, (the text is selectable, the doc is created from a Word document probably, etc) so we will use the dedicated activity for this case, Read PDF Text.  We click on the dots next to File Name property and browse to the location we have the Orchestrator Installation Guide document saved at. We replace the Range property value from “All” to 6, in order to read just the page 6 from the document. We create a variable in the Output, to save the retrieved text for later. The second pdf document we are trying to extract from is a scanned pdf (everything is a picture, you cannot select any element, etc) so we will use the dedicated activity for this case, Read PDF With OCR.  @e click on the dots next to File Name property and browse to the location we have the “Scanned.pdf” document saved at.  We replace the Range property value from “All” to 6, in order to read just the page 6 from the document.  We create a variable in the Output, to save the retrieved text for later.  We add a Send Outlook Mail Message (can be any Send XXX Mail Message activity)set the To property.  Set the Subject property.  Set the Body property to the concatenated variables that keep the text pieces read from the two documents installationPDFText + invoicePDFText. To open the workflow with UiPath Studio, follow these steps:  Click on the Download button below and save the archive on your local machine Extract the files Open UiPath Studio From the Start tab, click Open Browse for the extracted files Click on the xaml fileFrom the Design tab, hit Run
